"Waiting for Mum" - By Alex Davidson, December 2021

Version - 0.1

---

Dad checked his watch. "I wonder where your mother is". He looked across the dining table and around the room, as if she could have been here already, he just hadn't found her yet.
He checked his watch again. Fingers drummed on the table.

My father was particular about some things, a perfectionist even. But even I could sense _this_ behaviour was abnormal. And I'm an eight year old boy!
It's true. I am a little advanced for my age (when I was five my parents made me do this test... it's a long story, but basically I'm a genius), but even I have trouble guaging the emotions of other people, although I am the best at it in my family.
Anyway, to summarise - dad was worried about something, and mum wasn't home yet. Perhaps those things were related?

"Tell me about Jono again", dad said.

"There's not much to tell," I answered. "Jono's dead". (Yes, some eight year olds can be curt with their answers).

"Last seen?" dad asked.

"He was last seen in tiny pieces flushed down the toilet" (Don't worry, I cleaned it all up, as if nothing had happened)

Dad blinked once and asked again. "When and where was he last seen by _other people_?" He emphasised.

"Jono's last class was mathematics before lunch," I said. "He had to go to the toilet two thirds of the way through, so he left the class and... never returned!"
I smiled. It was an impressive execution (in both senses of the word) - even by my standards.
All it took was an extra juice bottle that I 'accidentally' packed in my lunch that morning, some feigned generosity ("Jono would you like some juice, I don't want all of it"), and (of course) some tools that an ordinary eight year old absolutely shouldn't have, smuggled into the school.

I realised I had not finished answering dad, so I continued:
"Jono was last visible entering the A-block toilets at twelve twenty one this afternoon."

"And nobody saw him after that? Nobody at all?" dad pressed.

"I paused before answering. "Nobody saw Jono _in one piece_," I clarified.

Everybody knows all plans no matter how ingenious have a hitch. In my case, the hitch came in the form of a fifth grader, Tom, walking into the toilet block a full six minutes before lunch bell.
You could say Tom did see Jono - at least Jono's blood, and a some specks of bone, as I was washing my hands.
Being a more typical fifth grader, Tom was frightened by what he saw in the A-block toilets. So frightened, in fact, that he promptly exited the school grounds and ran home.
Or rather, he would have ran home, if not for my mother's timely intervention. That intervention, I guess, was taking a little longer than dad was comfortable with.

We waited in silence. After what felt like an eternity, the front door unlocked. Mum came through the doorway and sat down at the table. She looked tired.

We all sat for a minute in silence. "This must never happen again" mum said finally.

"It won't," I replied. I meant it. I knew all too well that if any more kids went missing at my school there would be a significant investigation - I didn't want to move again! I liked my school.

And besides, now nobody else would beat me in mathematics.